Rephrase issues page (#555)
hacs/documentation: source/docs/help/issues.md

description: "Got issues?"
---

This page shows you how to report an issue for HACS.

# Reporting an issue

If you're having an issue with a custom element, [report an issue for that repository](/docs/use/repositories/dashboard.md/#reporting-an-issue-with-a-repository).

> To report an issue with HACS, **[use the issue template](https://github.com/hacs/integration/issues)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report an issue with HACS, **[use one of the issue templates](https://github.com/hacs/integration/issues)**.

```
